# About Me

I am completing my Ph.D. at the University of Waterloo and I research various factors (socio-technical and socioeconomic) that could promote or resist Canada’s transition to a low-carbon energy future. I have worked using different research methods on various foresight projects such as future of energy (using expert elicitation, visioning, quantitative scenario analysis), future of urban mobility (focus group discussions, participatory scenario planning), and future of work/technologies (horizon scanning, Delphi). I graduated from Northeastern University with Bachelor of Science and University of Waterloo with Master of Climate Change.

I am currently researching new approaches for developing multi-scale scenarios and applying those techniques for constructing Canada’s low-carbon energy futures. My research is supported by Canada’s Natural Science and Engineering Research Council (NSERC) and the Energy Policy Research Fellowship from Energy Council of Canada.

Together with Dr. Vanessa Schweizer (my Ph.D. advisor), we co-authored an article introducing an innovative method for multiscale scenario analysis using linked-CIB analysis. This article was published in the journal of Environmental Modelling and Software (I.F.: 4.404). Here, we explain how to apply nested dissection to partition a large and potentially intractable cross-impact matrix into several scale-/level-/sector-specific sub-matrices which can be subjected to CIB analysis individually. Also, I published in Transport Policy (I.F.: 2.269 ) a qualitative study that examines people expectations of urban mobility in Singapore. This article was a collaborative effort with colleagues at Singapore University of Technology and Design. Besides looking at the practical aspect of futures studies, I also delve into the epistemological aspect for how “futures” are developed. Together with colleagues at the University of Waterloo and University of Stuttgart, we produce a chapter in an edited collection that explains future-making processes from post-structuralist perspective. 

[My CV](/docs/cv.md)
